PROBLEM OVERVIEW VIDEO TEAM
DOCUMENTS
Inquiry Report Inquiry Presentation Prototype Report Prototype Presentation 
PROBLEM OVERVIEW DEMO VIDEO THE TEAM 
Welcome to Commuter Assist
We just made getting to campus more efficient!
THE PROBLEM
As college students the process of getting to campus is a hassle. Aggregating information from a variety of sources like shuttle times, UTA bus and trax scedules, and even just finding a parking spot is an inconvience every college student faces. We have created a solution to this common problem. 
The two main problems we have identified in commuting to campuses are:
	•	Public transportation coordinating and scheduling is time consuming and difficult.
	•	Most campuses do not have enough parking spaces for all of their students with parking passes.
To combat this problem we have designed a unique solution that aims to consolidate parking and give information to drivers about parking on campus as well as inform and generate public transportation scheduling for students to get to campus quickly. 
THE OVERVIEW
Simply register and set up your preferences. This will allow the app to calculate the most efficient route to campus using your preferred mode of transportation. UTA systems and the on-campus shuttle system is all integrated into the app to give you a comprehensive commute solution.
The system will keep real-time data on the capacity of each parking lot. Since the app will know your schedule, it will guide you to the lot with the best chance of finding a spot without wasting time looking for a space. If you're in a hurry, we have designed a parking reservation system that will guide a user to a reserved parking spot. Tire spikes will prevent others from using your parking space after you have reserved it. As you approach the spot, the spikes will be lowered and you will be able to enter your space. 
VIDEO PROTOTYPE
THE TEAM

Stefan Kapetanovic 
Team Manager
 
Warren Schweigert
Head of Communications & PR
 
Alec Adair
Lead Tester & Head of QA
 
Rusty Griggs
Lead Designer
 
DOCUMENTS
Below are our complete guides to the development of Commuter Assist.
Inquiry Report
Inquiry Presentation
Prototype Report
Prototype Presentation
Created for Human Computer Interaction - CS 5540
© 2017 Commuter Assist. All Rights Reserved.
